Inspiring Brilliance

Interview Guide - Full Stack Developer



Flow

01 About Sahaj Software 02 Interview Process 03 What do we look for?

04 Frequently Asked 05 Additional Resources
Questions



Sahaj’s core values reflect 
the promise of trust, 
respect, instilling curiosity, 
and craftsmanship.

About Sahaj Software



Trust Respect
A culture helmed by practices of Every individual’s views and ideas 
open salary, unlimited leaves, profit- are valued. This gives rise to a 
sharing, zero hierarchy, and deep-rooted respect that 
freedom to take decisions builds a underlines everything we do.

Sahaj celebrates a culture multi-dimensional trust.

of openness, innovation 
and bold outcomes driven Curiosity Craftsmanship

by trust, respect, curiosity, We nurture curiosity in every form. As artisans, we are passionate in our 
Being relentless in the pursuit of the endeavor to look at the finer nuances 

and craftsmanship. why, the what and the how enables of every challenge as we craft 
us to challenge the status quo. purpose-built solutions.

Openness. Innovation. Bold outcomes.

About Sahaj Software



AI NATIVE STARTUPS & SCALEUPS

We transform 
businesses across a vast 
spectrum of domains 
with data-led strategies ENTERPRISE & SOCIAL TRANSFORMATIONS

and innovations.

About Sahaj Software



Interview Process

Step 1: 
 Step 2: 
 Step 3: 
 Step 4: 

Coding Assignment Code Pairing Technical Round Final Round
You can find the coding problem Upon a successful code A successful code-pairing On successful completion of 
statement as an attachment in review, we will pursue your round then leads to the next the technical discussion, you 
the e-mail we sent you. Please candidature and invite you for step - the technical round. This will be meeting the 
share the completed coding a code pairing round with one discussion focuses on Leadership team at Sahaj. 
assignment and send it back to of our developers. While this fundamentals like databases, This discussion focuses on 
us in a zip format within a gives us a great opportunity to architecture, systems design discovering the overall value 
week’s time from the date you assess your skills, it also etc.  and also the projects that that you can potentially 
had received the code. If you provides you a peek into what you had worked on in the bring to the table as a 
have any questions or specific it feels like to be a part of past. Two developers from Sahajeevi and if Sahaj can 
concerns, please feel free to Sahaj, working with our Sahaj will be meeting you to help you further with your 
reach out to us anytime. people here. have this conversation. career goals.

Interview Process



I N N O V A T I V E
D E C I S I V E

What are we looking for?
P A S S I O N A T E

Tech aspects:

• Quality of code (please refer to the Additional Resources 
R E S P E C T F U L section at the end for more) 


• A sound understanding of aspects like code design and 
aesthetics, data structures, algorithms, problem solving etc. 


S E L F - D R I V E N • Overall design

• Solutioning / modelling capabilities

C U R I O U S
Do’s & Dont’s:

• We are not assessing you on code required to do the input/
output.  


• While building a solution, it would be best if the input is 
provided either via unit tests or an input file.


• Avoid command line for input as it is tedious and difficult to 
test.


• Do not share the code in a public repository. Use a zip over 
email or provide “sahaj-org-building” access to your private 
repository

What do we look for?



Frequently Asked Questions

What kind of work will I get to do at Sahaj?
We craft purpose-built solutions by leveraging platform engineering, data engineering, and data science – think AI, ML, NLP, all the cool stuff! We also 
offer tech advisory.

Is Sahaj a services company or a product company? Will I get to work on building products?
We are a software solutioning company. Our work differs vastly from a product company. However, we work with clients across multiple domains and 
depending on their requirement, we either provide solutions or build products for them. Rest assured, there is never a dearth of exciting work at Sahaj!

Given that there is no hierarchy in Sahaj, how does one grow here professionally?
Continuous learning is what incites growth, and at Sahaj, there is no dearth of it. You will get opportunities to work on a wide range of projects and across 
all of them, you will be involved closely right from requirement gathering to ideating, making decisions about overall design, working on high-quality code, 
and ensuring that the solution is optimised for the given problem. So as far as growth is concerned, sky is the limit!

Will I get any exposure of business domains?
You bet! Understanding the business is crucial to developing a solution that works for the client. Thus, our developers spend a substantial amount of time 
trying to understand the business and its various challenges. This may come as a surprise, but everyone is client-facing at Sahaj irrespective of one’s level 
of experience.

Frequently Asked Questions



• Clean Code Handbook

• Domain Driven Design

• Pragmatic Programmer

• Refactoring: Improving Design of Existing Code


We think that the topics/ • Design Patterns Head First

books mentioned here can 
add tremendous value to If you wish to know more about Sahaj and it’s 

work culture, here are some useful resources.
the programming skills and 

• Creation of Sahaj

sensibilities of a developer. • Open Salaries? Unlimited leaves? Really?

Feel free to check them out! 
Please note, reading these is NOT a pre A sneak preview of life at Sahaj in short videos
requisite for our interaction with you. • What is Sahaj Software all about? Here it is, 

in our own words.

• Sahaj Software: Challenging the status quo 

Additional Resources



All the very best!

Code. Build. Learn. Grow.